# Movie Trailer Website

Movie website used to display movie posters and to play the respective movies' trailers when poster is chosen by user.

## Requirements

* Python 2 or later

## Instillation

**Clone** repository from **GitHub** using `git clone https://github.com/jlmcco06/ud036_StarterCode.git` in your terminal, or commandline.

Once the repository has been cloned, the following files should be present in the local directory to which the clone was sent:

*README.md - this is what you're reading!

*fresh_tomatoes.py - code takes in a _movies_ list generated by **entertainment_center.py**, and renders that list into an html file, which the browser uses to display the site.  

*media.py - contains the code which creates the "Movie" class, which the **enterainment_center.py** will use to define movie instances for the _movies_ list

*entertainment_center.py - This is the home of the _movies_ list. Here, we add/remove movie instances to the list which **fresh_tomatoes.py** will use to create the webpage.

##Open the Site

In the terminal or commandline, enter `python entertainment_center.py` 
(the website should open in you browser when this command has been executed)

## Adding Movies!

If you would like to contribute to the movie page, it's simple!

Open the **entertainment_center.py** file and locate "Section 1.0". Here, you can add additional movies using the following format:

`<movie_name> = media.Movie(<movie_title_string>,
                           <description_string>,
                            <movie_poster_image_url>,
                            <youtube_trailer_url>) `


Don't forget to add the `<movie_name>` to the `movies =` list in **Section 2.0**

 


